I hear a lot of people talk about how they want to start a side hustle or
business but don’t know where to start.

The easiest “hack” is to lean into your interests.

At a fundamental (and overly basic) level, business is just solving someone’s
problem in exchange for money.

Where a lot of people go wrong, myself included on many occasions, is they have
a solution in search of a problem.

This is why most people starting a YouTube channel, dropshipping or an agency
will probably fail/quit.

I started YouTube partly because I wanted to make money but mostly because I had
a genuine interest in tech and wanted to talk about it.

I made a desk setup video after watching all of
[Andres Vidoza](https://www.youtube.com/@andresvidoza)’s and stuck with it for 3
years because it’s something I enjoyed.

Similarly, I’m in the early stages of a new project (I’ll talk about it more
later) because I’ve always had an interest in web development and made friends
online from leaning into it.

The decisions I’m most happy with came from solving my own problem or scratching
my own itch.

If I could give advice to myself 3 years ago i’d say “be curious”.

I hadn’t build any side development projects for years because it felt lower
priority than YouTube, which was already making money.

If I’d built for the sake of building, I’d probably be futher.

## Herman Miller Embody Gaming Chair

https://youtu.be/dpHsgOMHQVA

I’ve had this chair in my office for a few months now and I wish I had sat in
this sooner. A good chair is such an overlooked purchase but it’s probably one
of the most important investments you can make if you sit in a chair all day.

## Things I’ve found interesting

_links to valuable stuff I thought was worth sharing_

[\*Radix UI](https://www.radix-ui.com/)\* - a beautiful UI library I came across
last week. I used their color pallets for a recent project and they look soo
good.

[Disy](https://www.disy.design/) - I bought this Figma UI kit for $50 and it has
everything I could want for any app UI. It’s given me a ton of inspiration for
components to design.

[Disy](https://www.disy.design/) - I bought this Figma UI kit for $50 and it has
everything I could want for any app UI. It’s given me a ton of inspiration for
components to design.

Cole

P.S. If you found this letter helpful, please consider sharing it with a friend
:)
